Fullstack Developer Test Task
Scenario:
Develop a simple web application with a Laravel backend using GraphQL and a NuxtJS frontend. The application will be a basic To-Do list management system, allowing users to view, create, update, and delete tasks.

Sample web app: https://drive.google.com/file/d/14yVb9gVXmp1upRkrDFSIO3Jf15we4rwk/view?usp=sharing.
Objectives:

Task 1 - Backend:
Develop a simple GraphQL API which enables the system to create, update, and delete Tasks. This API will then be used in the frontend in the next task.
Todos:
Create a Task model. Each task entry should have the following state: todo & done,
Define a GraphQL schema including queries, and mutations for tasks:
Queries: tasks (fetch all tasks)
Mutations: createTask, updateTask, deleteTask.
Bonus task:
Use Docker for the setup so it’s easier to get the system up and running on any machine.
Task 2 - Frontend:
Develop a to-do list frontend in NuxtJS that is integrated with the Laravel application in Task 1.
Todos:
Use ES6 Features
Nuxt Repository
Use Vuetify as your design Framework



Task Requirements:
Completeness of the features indicated. Features are complete and functional similar to what was demonstrated on the sample web application.
You must exhibit an understanding of Vue.js concepts and CSS/SASS markup approach.
You must exhibit an understanding of Laravel concepts and setting up APIs
Implement a readable code structure.
Error Handling and Validation: Implement basic error handling for applicable scenarios you can think of like processing errors etc. 
Project documentation must be comprehensive and concise and include suggestions/innovations to further improve the web app and how you would implement them.


Submission:
Provide the source code for both the Laravel application and the NuxtJS application.
Include a README file with instructions on how to set up and run the application, as well as any other relevant documentation.

Include a short document outlining your approach, challenges faced, and how you addressed them. Include a couple of examples of text inputs and their corresponding summaries generated by your application. If there are features or improvements you couldn’t implement within the time limit, describe your ideas for future enhancements.
Note:
This test is designed to assess your skills in setting up and integrating a full-stack application using Laravel and NuxtJS. It will give us insight into your coding practices, problem-solving abilities, and familiarity with these technologies.
